In the last lecture we added the activity indicator, now handling errors is also interesting
and there are thousands of ways to do that.
You could load a modal, show a modal to use or you could redirect the user to another page in your application,
in the end that's up to you,
the pattern will be the same we used for the loading state. You use redux to basically dispatch
an action which changes some state that then can be consumed by your screens just as we consume isLoading
from our redux store to show something, hide something, do whatever you want.
Now I will use a very simple approach here but of course as I said, you can just follow the same approach
we used here for dispatching the success case for the bad case.
What I will do is I will go to my places.js file on the actions folder and in an error case,
I will simply alert
something went wrong,
please try again.
Now this is not necessarily the best solution but it is one that is better than failing silently and
again,
you always have the alternative of dispatching something else here or additionally to stop loading
to also change something else in your app.
Now this is how we also handle errors and with that, this is how we can store files and store data on a backend,
add the example of firebase
but the idea is of course always the same.